Docs: SplashKit Modules Data Analytics status, strategies and scope added (#94)
thoth-tech/documentation: docs/Splashkit/Modules/Data Analytics/Code Repositories/Code_Status_2022_Semester_1.md

# Semester 1 2022 Data Analytics Update

## State Of Code Received

There were a few roadblocks that halted progress through the data analytics module. Despite bug
fixes being listed as commits from the 2021 code file, it appeared to have never ran. Poor coding
practices were found throughout, including the following:

- portable_files_dialog.h library not recognised, which could not be resolved
  - It was a very unneccessary addition as it only ran in one method and was not used for similar
    things in other methods
- splashkit.h was called inside SplashKit, which broke the code and is something you definitely

>   shouldn't do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  should not do
```

- Most imports required for the code were missing
- Data validation code was lengthy and did not work
  - A lot of true/false statements were switched, meaning it would never give a proper result
  - Swapped between using poorly written Regex and making their own methods to do the same thing,

>     both didn't work properly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    both did not work properly
```

- Display function used import that was Windows operating system only

>   - Means you couldn't run the Data Analytics module from Mac or Linux

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Means you could not run the Data Analytics module from Mac or Linux
```

data_analytics.cpp from line 369 on.

## Issues To Be Resolved

- Review on whether string recognition is required.
  - If yes, create dynamic objects for each item to be recognised
    - Regex also needs to be improved
    - Actioning this is not urgent, but course of action is
  - If no, remove altogether, along with tests
- Clean up Dataframes code line by line
  - Superfluous code present, needs to be simplified
    - Issues identified include:
      - Reliance on Windows exclusive console functions, display function is littered with them.
        STD_OUTPUT_HANDLE, GetConsoleScreenBufferInfo, hConsole, etc are all exclusive to windows,
        need to make multi-platform. Would recommend trying to get it running on a Windows device
        first just to make sure it does work before removing windows stuff. (It seems to be using
        the windows exclusive functions to check the console window width before printing so it can
        format the dataframe correctly. This feature is a nice-to-have, but Mac and Linux support
        are MUST HAVES)
      - Variable arrays, array size must be known at compile time in C++. This only seems to be an

>         issue for a couple of the insert functions in the dataframe code, so I'd recommend
>         commenting them out for now and trying to get it working without them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        issue for a couple of the insert functions in the dataframe code, so it is recommended
        to comment them out for now and try get it working without them.
```

>       - Needs more comments and general simplification -- it's too hard to understand what the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Needs more comments and general simplification -- too hard to understand what the code
```

        is doing.
      - Code does not compile or run on Mac or Linux.
  - Research Pandas Dataframes and review our current setup
  - Add basic functions required for simple implementation
- Create new display function
  - Needs to work on all systems
- Test Dataframe code

>   - As we don't think it has ever compiled or run, we need to determine that all functions and
>     objects work properly.
>     - If they don't, either refactor or begin to re-write code based on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - As we do not think it has ever compiled or run, we need to determine that all functions and
    objects work properly.
    - If they do not: either refactor or begin to re-write code based on
```
